Being Good

story design
you are the hero. recently graduated at the academy of tear-avoiders. for becoming a fairy godmother you need to fulfill a mission.
"avoid the tears, burst their fears, make them smile all the while!"
you receive
	- pendular (curing twisted minds)
	- pixie dust (transfer parts of your soul)
if there's somebody crying you need to find the reasons and bring them joy.
people at the tear-avoider-academy hate mother hulda because of her serious snow-addiction - she's always confusing the machine of tear-checking
graduation -> alert -> mother hulda confusing the tear-machine -> chase away mother hulda -> pigs
 
pigs in village are feeling uncomfortable, because there are houses which doesn't fit to them, they want the wolf to blow them down

- wolf is traumatized, because some ugly goats filled his stomach with stones (pendular)
- he's full of snow, because of mother hulda
- wolf is a smoker, so he can't blow down anything (pixie dust)

when done pigs are surrounding wolf -> trap!
girdle "Seven at one stroke" -> seven houses -> free
pigs got cursed 

Areas
Academy
Swamp
Cave
Wolf's Mind

Intro

Once upon a time there was an young student named <FullName>.
<He/She> joined the academy of tear-avoiders and tried hard to become a fairy godmother.
After years of hard work <FirstName> finally managed to pass the last exam... 

conv - master1
<FirstName>, we are very proud to announce that you are the only student who passed the last exam at the academy of tear-avoiders!
master2
Congratulations! You're the only one who was able to pass all the tests for becoming a tear-avoider!
Now you only need to accomplish a single mission where to prove that all the years of hard work weren't a senseless waste of time. And all that for fulfilling a student's greatest wish: Becoming a fairy godmother!
master1
Never forget: Fairy godmother is the job of the future! A lot of employers are seeking for talented personal.
master2 
And since there are still so few fairy godmothers out there you are looking ahead a glorious future!
Beautiful dresses! A lot of traveling! All-in insurance! A diversified number of tasks!
master1
But before sending you on the last mission raise your hand an...
voice
CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT! 
master1
Straight to the Tear-Machine!
master2
To the Tear-machine!

master1
What's the matter, Tear-Machine?
tear-machine
Hello buddies! I recently encountered terrible storms of wetness! Somebody must be very unhappy!
master1 
Tear-machine, give us the coordinates of the suspected object spreading wetness!
tear-machine
Alright mates! Calculating coordinates... please wait...
...please wait...
...calculation 1 % finished...
...please wait...
...calculation 5 % finished...
master2
The lame processor is driving me nuts!
master1
Yeah, remind me to upgrade our machines!
tear-machine
Hey, hey, friends! There's no need to vituperate my qualifications! All I want is the most precise result and for achieving this I have to spend some time on verifying the valu...
master2
Arrrrr! Just shut up and do what you're supposed to do!
tear-machine
Alright, friends!
...calculation 56 % finished...
...please wait...
master1
I heard that Tear-Machine 2.0 should be ten times faster!
master2
Really? Another reason to scrap this piece of crap!
tear-machine
...calculation 62... uh-oh... I meant: finished! Calculation finished!
master2
Finally!
master1
Tear-machine, give us the coordinates!
tear-machine
Of course, pals! It's about... well... somewhere between 234, 12, 45 and 2543, 21, 4!
master1
234-2534, that's somewhere in the buidling!
master2
12-21, that's somewhere in this room!
master1
45-4, that's somewhere in this cupboard!
master2
Let's have a look!

master1
What the... Mother Hulda! Not you again!
master2
Can't you spread your snow somewhere else? We are a clean house!
master1
All the wetness is confusing the Tear-Machine! Get out of here!
hulda
Wanna have some snow?
master1
NO! NO! NO! JUST LEAVE!
hulda
And you, kid? Some snow? Good quality, hardly adultered!
Would be great!
No, thank you.
master2
<HE/SHE> DOESN'T NEED ANYTHING OF YOUR STUFF! LEAVE!
hulda
Okay, okay, no reason for being rude!

master1
Alright... where did we stop? Oh... the vow-thingie...
<FullName>! Raise your hand and repeat what I say:
"Avoid the tears"
"Burst their fears" 
"Make them smile all the while"
And now take your tools! 
First of all the pendular! You can use it to cure the twisted minds of our dear customers!
And of course some pixie dust! Use it to transfer parts of your soul, parts of your joy into our poor customer!
Now swear that you won't abuse the instrument's powers and only use them when absolutely necessary!
I swear that I will use my instruments wisely.
I will totally abuse all of the instrument's powers and spread vicious and bad influences all over the world!
Sounds like fun. We always like some individual workers!
But...
Granted. 
And now to your miss...
voice
CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT! CRY-ALERT!
master2
Not again!
master1
Tear-machine, is this an incident involving snow?
tear-machine
No, buddies! Now it's a real crying!
master2
Where does it come from?
tear-machine
I have got some good... I mean: sad news! I have no idea what this place is about but have already calculated its coordinates! I can immediately teleport anybody of you to its origin!
master2
An unknown origin? Hmmm... last time I joined such a mission everything turned out pretty nasty. What fun these little monsters had while torturing me!
master1
The Tear-Machine said "unknown origin" - how should we know that you were travelling to the "Island of Pain" and bring joy to these little cannibals? That's why I never attend missions to unknown targets!
master2
What fun they had while eating parts of my feet and hair... I'll never attend such missions again!  
master1
Now... hmmm... Due to lack of alternatives I guess the new mission would be a good experience for our greenhorn, or what do you think?
master2
Aye! Excellent plan! We should immediately teleport <him/her> there!
master1
Alright! You, new one, ready to travel to the source of crying and bring joy and happiness into the poor victim's lifes?
Of course!
master2
He's ready! 
master1
Then let's teleport <him/her> there now! When the crying falls silent <he/she> has fulfilled his mission and is ready to become a fairy godmother!
Let's go!
But... 
I'm not sure...
master2
Isn't it nice? <He/She> isn't sure if <he/she> should bring more joy or more happiness to our customers!
Listen: It's all up to you! Creative freedom is one of our job's attributes! 
Look, I really don't know...
Isn't it nice? <He/She> doesn't know if <he/she> should bring more joy or more happiness to our customers!

Pigs

The pig is too sad to speak.
The pig is looking away and then again looking at you before starting crying again.
The pig's sadness is confusing you.
You can't think of anything more sad than this pig.
The pig is crying all the time.

conv - mayor
What a mess it is!
All the crying!
Who will dry that?

I locked all the doors! How is it possible that you entered our swamp?
I just graduated at the academy of tear-avoiders and I'm here to fulfill my final mission.
And what is your final mission?
I want you to stop crying and bring joy and happiness into your little town!
What a nice offer of you, but I fear you won't be a great help for us. We are eagerly waiting for the arrival of the wolf!
I want you to stop crying by simply destroying you all!
Why don't you let the wolf do this work? We are eagerly waiting for his arrival!
I just fell down from heaven.
Hahaha! Since nobody of us noticed the noise of someone falling down you must be lying!
Didn't you notice the secret passage?
Hahaha! As the mayor I gave orders to lock all secret passages!

Why are you waiting for the arrival of a wolf?
We ordered him to blow down all the houses, but he should have arrived days ago to complete his mission! I hate incompetent business partners!

Why do you want to destroy all the houses?
Just look around! What do you notice?
Since there are so many talking pigs... a serious case of drug abuse?
A bunch of crying pigs... as a result of serious drug abuse?
Me losing my mind when talking to pigs?
A swamp?
Don't you notice all the sadness, all the torment we have to deal with?
We aren't surrounded with water but with the result of hours of crying!
You mean you are flooding the swamp with your own tears?
The Tear-Machine *vaguely* noticed something...
We're all unhappy!
Look, I've got enough troubles to deal with...
But we're all unhappy!
Since somebody built up these houses we all feel like being a <race>!
I love being a <race>! So what's so bad about feeling like being one?
That's hard to descripe, just let's try it that way... 
Do *we* look like pigs?
Think so...
Yeah, like talking pigs...
Do *you* look like a pig?
Not really.
As a result of the academy's poor sanitary arrangements I only smell like one...
Do *you* feel like being a pig?
Nope.
Let me introduce the non-existent sanitary arrangements of the academy again...
Do *we* feel like being pigs?
Dunno. No?
I guess you should...
Right! Got the point?
Pretty much, yes. You look like pigs but currently don't feel like being pigs.
Exactly! Now you know a lot about the root of our misery! And now?
Not really. I fear you asked too many questions about pigs.
Oh... just forget about it... *sigh*
Once again: We look like pigs but feel like <races> because of these ugly houses!

What if I destroy all the houses? Will you feel better then?
Since they can only be destroyed by being blown down only the wolf can do that.
You'll definitely stop crying when I kill you all!
You can't kill us, because you aren't trained in pig-killing. Additionally our Plot-Flag is set to true. Only the wolf could attack us!
There's a wolf somewhere?
Sure there is! He's the CEO of "Wolf Destructions Inc.". You can find his company when walking towards the cave in east.

Why didn't you look after the wolf for yourself?
Just look at me! I can't attend a meeting when looking like a picture of misery!
What if I'd take a look after the wolf?
Would be great if you could convince him to blow down our town!
There are still a few questions left...
I'll look after the wolf then.
Thanks a lot for offering your support! Take the key to leave our town through the door in east, but please keep them closed. I don't want that anybody notices us suffering like *that*!

Cave "Wolf Destructions Inc."

"Wolf Destructions Inc. - Blowing the house near of you!"
"Entrance only with reservation!"

"Fed up with your neighbor? Call Wolf Destructions Inc. and all your troubles will be blown away!"
"Wolf Destructions Inc. is #1 supporter of wind power!"
"Rent a villain - Call Wolf Destructions Inc.!"
"Wolf Destructions Inc. - Official sponsor of "A Corpse, A Vote"!"

"Ring the bell"

conv - wolf
"Owwwww... noooooo! You cruel goats! What are you doing here?"
"I swear I never touched them!"
"Nooo! Not the needle!"
"Keep away from the water, keep away from the water!"
"Bwohohohohoho, I'm FAAAAAT!!!"

The wolf is lying around and talking senseless stuff. Due to your education you encounter two cases that might be responsible for that: 
Either he's working for the Austrian Football Association or he's traumatized and talking in delirium.
Fortunately you learned how to handle such situations. You can try to use your pendular to cure his twisted mind.
Use pendular.
You are now traveling into the past, the source of the wolf's sufferings...
Leave.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

"Go now and look for some big stones."
"We will fill the godless beast's stomach with them while he is still asleep."

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

(while walking towards water)
"What rumbles and tumbles,
Inside of me.
I thought it was kids,
But it's stones that they be."

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

You try to use all of your experience and focus on the wolf's mind to fight his demons.
...and succeed.

(kill all 7 goats + mother) -> after dead replaced by stones...

I... I... I'm feeling...
...have no clue how I feel... hmmmm...
Hey! You there! Did you notice anything special?
Hmmm... only your big ears!
All the better to hear you with.
Anything else that catches your eye?
What about your big eyes?
All the better to see you with.
Wow! Big hands!
All the better to grab you with!
What about your horribly big mouth?
All the better to eat you with!
Arrr... I'm hungry!
Will you eat me?
Please don't eat me, I'll do anything you want!
What? I guess you're reading far too much books. I'm a successful businessman, not a barbaric carnivore!
Apropos business: I have an important assignment to fulfill!
So I'm pretty busy for now. Take my card, we can talk later on!
All the best, poor clueless creature...

Cave -> Pigs

conv - mother hulda

before wolf-stuff...
Snow! Snow! Snow!
The trees need snow!
The gate needs snow!
The mushrooms need snow!

wolf-stuff...
Poor wolf! Here is some snow!
Snow for the wolf!
Snow! Snow! Snow!

<race>? <race> needs snow!
Hello?
Mother Hulda is much too immersed in her business to take notice of you.
Would you please stop whitening the wolf?
Mother Hulda doesn't react. You need to find a different way to attract her attention. Maybe with the help of your instruments?
Use pendular
You try to use your pendular on Mother Hulda, but it doesn't work. Her mind is working as its supposed to so there's no possibility to cure something. 
Use pixie dust
You successfully transfer parts of your soul into Mother Hulda's body. Now it would be a good idea to move her somewhere inside where she can't let it snow.
Leave
Keep on doing what you're doing.

conv - wolf
Not yet. Business to do.

attempt #1
Open the door, dear pigs, the wolf is here, and has brought some wind to blow in!
We will not open the door, you are not the wolf. He has a rough, gray fur, but your fur is white and clean!

You don't let me in because of the color of my fur? You're all racists!
Why don't you like that white?
This part was not mentioned in the contract!

The mayor told us that wolves only have gray fur! Forget about it!
We only open the gates for wolves with grav fur!
No, no, no! Your fur isn't gray!

Not yet! Business to do!
Should I help you entering the swamp?
How would you do that?
Didn't you notice Mother Hulda whitening you?
Of course! But what should I do?
Why don't you eat her?
Look, I already told you that I'm a successful businessman now!
I can't eat anybody after... after... after the experience with these... these... these goats...
Use pendular on wolf and try to cure his fear of goats.
After hours of hard work you were finally able to find the root of his fears...
Right after finishing your therapy the wolf immediately walks towards Mother Hulda and...
<<censored>>
Use pixie dust, transform parts of your soul into the wolf and eat Mother Hulda by yourself. 
I'll look for a way to chase her away!
That would be pretty nice of you, kid!
Nevermind.

<<censored>>
Hello wolf! Want some sno...
GRRRRRRRRRRR
AAAAAAAHHHHHHH
*snap*
Haha! 
*snap*
Hahaha! Stop doing that with your teeth! It tickles!
*bite*
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!! How should I explain that to my insurance?
*rip*
Not my arm! Not my arm!
*smack*
Look what you've done! All the blood! What a mess!
*bite*
Great! Now my vital parts are lying on the street! Who will clean up the mess?
*smack* *rip*
Don't care about this irrational mass of violence! As long as nobody is nude we won't face any troubles with an US-release!
*bite* *smack*
My god! You're nude! Ladies and gentlemen, the wolf is nude! Now I'm seriously concerned!
*rip* *bite* *smack* *bite* *bite* *smack* *smack* *smack* *bite*
Silence

conv - mayor
Did you talk to the wolf yet?
He seems to suffer from serious mental troubles!
Then stop staring into space and do something against it!
The wolf is standing right in front of your gates! Why don't you open them for him?
It's not the wolf! He has gray fur!
His fur isn't gray because Mother Hulda whitens his fur with snow!
That's not my business. As long as he has no gray fur we won't open the gates for him!
I fear he has lost his breath!
Well these are his troubles! He has a contract to fulfill!

attempt #2
Open the door, dear pigs, the wolf is here, and has brought some wind to blow in!
Why should we? When you are the wolf you should be able to blow it up by yourself!
Alright, then...

I'll huff and puff!
I'll huff and puff once again!
Another try for huff and puff!
Pheeeee...
Pppphhh...
Pheee...
*cough* *cough* *cough*

I... I... I can't blow down things any longer!
But why? Aren't you a professional?
Of course! Of course! But I... these troubles...
Which troubles?
Well... you need to understand that I had a hard time right after the goat-assault...
I tried to handle my past with the help of my friends alcohol and cigarettes. Unfortunately my lung... suffered.
I fear it will take years till my breath recovers from my destructive lifestyle...
Should I help you fulfilling your job?
How will you do that?
Use pixie dust, transform parts of your soul into the wolf and blow down the gates.
Why don't you walk through the secret entrance behind the river?
After the goat-experience I won't enter water any longer!
Farewell, wolf.

Oh, wolf! Will you finally blow down our houses to bring us joy again?
Of course!
I prefer killing all of you!

(after blow-down)
He blew down seven houses...
...at one stroke!
Hooray!

So the pigs felt as pigs again, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.

After the wolf slaughtered all the pigs they weren't able to be unhappy any longer. Even the wolf was satisfied to overcome his traumatic goat-experiences and find his way back to a cruel, unrepentant monster.
He kept on killing and destructing innocent lifes for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.

And <name>? <name> became an enormous successful and well known fairy godmother...
...even so popular that <his/her> doings aroused the attention of two know well known German professors...

My tale is done, there runs a mouse, whosoever catches it, may make himself a big fur cap out of it.
